In the book of Romans 1st chapter, verse 20, it talks about how you can perceive Jehovah's creative power with what we see in
Creation around us. When you're in a national park and you see the beauty of these parks, you immediately think of that scripture.
We have individuals driving from an hour and a half to over three hours one way to share in this form of witnessing.
National parks generally have what is called a free-ness of speech area,
so that allows us to be able to get permission to go into the parks to set up our carts there.
It's just a nice place to come and relax and when people are relaxed,
they're wanting to talk.
They already kind of have a sense of closeness with God. I kind of get some thinking about their spirituality and then when they see our cart displayed so nicely about that,
it kind of draws them towards that.
You will find visitors from all parts of the world. Many cultures are represented.
And quite often, we will have literature in their language.
There's many that benefit from our work at the carts, but especially noteworthy.
Those that do not have access to Bible literature.
A Chinese couple came up and they said,
Thank you for giving me the Bible in my language.
That made our day. It was fabulous.
They may not stop. They may not talk to us, but they see it and that registers in their mind that they've seen this at an airport or in their city.
And now they're going to look into it or go the website and wonder, what was that all about? What were those people doing there?
We sit here sometimes thinking we need to pinch ourselves because it's so beautiful that we've been given the privilege of
doing the cart work in a location like this.
Very soon, these national parks will not just be isolated places that we have to travel to.
The entire world will be that national park and what a joy will be when every single personal life can enjoy that beautiful painting that our creator has made for us.